feat(react-native): Document includeWebReplay and includeFeedback Metro options (#17423)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/metro.mdx

});
```

### Reduce Bundle Size

> If you're not using the Session Replay or User Feedback features, you can exclude their web-only packages from the bundle by opting out via the Metro Plugin options. When set to `false`, the Sentry Metro Plugin resolves the matching Sentry sub-packages to an empty module so they're not included in the output bundle.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we simplify this mentioning if users aren't targeting React Native for web, here is an idea:

```suggestion
If you're not using the React Native for Web, you can exclude their web-only packages like session replay and user feedback from the bundle by opting out via the Metro Plugin options. When set to false, the Sentry Metro Plugin resolves the matching Sentry sub-packages to an empty module so they're not included in the output bundle.
```

Author: Updated with 48d2236a

| Option             | Default | Effect when set to `false`                                               |
| ------------------ | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `includeWebReplay` | `true`  | Excludes `@sentry/replay` and `@sentry-internal/replay` from the bundle. |

> | `includeFeedback`  | `true`  | Excludes `@sentry-internal/feedback` from the bundle.                    |

Reviewer: we may change `includeFeedback` to `includeWebReplay` if https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6025#discussion_r3132471653 is accepted

Author: Updated with 48d2236a

| ------------------ | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `includeWebReplay` | `true`  | Excludes `@sentry/replay` and `@sentry-internal/replay` from the bundle. |
| `includeFeedback`  | `true`  | Excludes `@sentry-internal/feedback` from the bundle.                    |

Note that these options only affect bundling. They do not disable the corresponding native (Android/iOS) integrations.

```javascript {tabTitle:React Native} {filename:metro.config.js}
const { getDefaultConfig } = require("@react-native/metro-config");
const { withSentryConfig } = require("@sentry/react-native/metro");

const config = getDefaultConfig(__dirname);
module.exports = withSentryConfig(config, {
  includeWebReplay: false,
  includeFeedback: false,
});
```

```javascript {tabTitle:Expo} {filename:metro.config.js}
const { getSentryExpoConfig } = require("@sentry/react-native/metro");

const config = getSentryExpoConfig(__dirname, {
  includeWebReplay: false,
  includeFeedback: false,
});
```

<Alert level="info">
`includeFeedback` requires `@sentry/react-native` version 8.9.0 or newer. <!-- TODO: confirm exact version on release -->

> </Alert>

Author: ```suggestion
```
